I have been talking about
the CBOW model for a while.
Now, is finally the
time to actually show
you the architecture that is
used to train this model.
Without further
ado, let's dive in.
The continuous bag of
words model is based on
a shallow dense neural
network with an input layer,
a single hidden layer,
and an output layer.
As you remember, the inputs of
the model is a vector
of context words,
which I'll call x,
and the output is
the vector of the
predicted center word,
which I'll call y hat.
The size of these vectors is
equal to the size
of the vocabulary,
which I'll call V.
So the inputs and
output size of this
neural network is
equal to V. For instance,
if the corpus is,
I am happy because I'm learning,
you have a five-word vocabulary.
So V equals 5 and you'll create
a neural network
where the input and
output layers each
have five neurons.
In the real-world.
corporal, this number
will typically be
in the thousands.
Next is the hidden layer.
If you remember from the lesson
on the word embedding process,
the size or dimension of
the word embeddings is
a hyperparameter of the model
which you select yourself.
Let's call the size of the
word embedding capital N.
Where capital N can
typically be 100-1,000.
You will choose the size
of the hidden layer to
equal the size of the
expected word embedding.
If you choose the size of
the word embeddings to be N,
then you will choose
the hidden layer for
this network to have N neurons,
I'll call the vector
representing the hidden layer
h. This is irregular
feed-forward network,
also called a dense
neural network,
so the three layers
are fully connected.
I'll call the weights
matrix between
the input layer and
hidden layer W_1,
and the bias vector of
the hidden layer is b_1.
Similarly, W_2 is the
weighting matrix between
the hidden layer and
the output layer and
b_2 is the bias vector
of the output layer.
These are the matrices
and vectors that
the neural network will be
learning as you train it.
To give you a little preview
of where you are going,
you will derive the
word embeddings from
the weights matrices of
this neural network.
You will see more
about this later.
You now need
activation functions
for the hidden layer
and output layer.
The results of the activation of
the hidden layer is what
gets sent to the next layer,
which in this case
is the output layer.
Similarly, the outcome
of the activation of
the output layer is what
will be shown as the
model's prediction.
For the hidden layer,
you will use the rectified
linear units function or ReLu.
For the output layer,
you will use the
softmax function.
The activation
functions themselves
deserve a proper discussion,
so I'll describe them in
one of the next videos.
There you have it,
the architecture
of the continuous
bag of words model.
Next up, I'll go through
the dimensions of the matrices
and vectors I mentioned.
Another important
component you'll need for
completing this week's
fun assignments.
In this video, you have seen
the overall structure
of your algorithm.
You're trying to
predict the middle word
given the words outside
or the context words.
However, you have V possible
ways that you can predict.
You cannot use a logistic
regression in this case,
because the logistic
regression outputs
two possibilities.